feature: add useAnimationLoop hook (#129)
mediamonks/react-hooks: src/hooks/useAnimationLoop/useAnimationLoop.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';

<Meta title="hooks/useAnimationLoop" />

# useAnimationLoop

> useAnimationLoop hook is a wrapper around requestAnimationFrame method. This hook will execute a
> callback function every next frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useAnimationLoop` hook is a wrapper around requestAnimationFrame function. This hook will execute the passed
callback function every frame.
```

Author: thank you! fixed

## Reference

```ts
function useAnimationLoop(callback: (delta: number) => void, enabled = false): void;
```

### Parameters

- `callback` - function accepts `delta` parameter which represents time passed since last

>   invocation; - `callback` function will be called on every animation frame

Reviewer: Is this formatting a bit strange? It's also mentioning `callback` twice.
It's a bit tricky to read (or maybe when rendered it's better)

Author: fixed

- `enabled` - boolean which is used to play and pause the requestAnimationFrame

### Returns

- `void`

## Usage

```tsx
function DemoComponent(): ReactElement {
  const [currentTimestamp, setCurrentTimestamp] = useState(Date.now);

>   const [state, toggle] = useToggle(true);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  const [isRunning, toggleIsRunning] = useToggle(true);
```

Author: fixed
